I heard what you said
They say I'm not good
I shouldn't have doubted you
There should be no doubt that silence is not my child
I don't blame you.
As long as you can come back
It's enough to be the one who loves me
I will make it up to you.
I don't want your compensation.
I just need you to love me and be silent.
This is my gift to you.
Although I will never forget you and silence again
I also love you all my life
Find me the best wedding planner
I want to give Su Yuan a grand wedding
It's the doctor. You're here just in time. I'm going to be discharged from the hospital.
Mr. Ji, you can't leave the hospital now, why?
We investigate your inspection
You have a blood clot in your brain
The situation is not optimistic